BD-3962 Add details to the push token lifecycle (#9204)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/developer_guide/swift/push_notifications/troubleshooting.md

Starting in macOS 13, on certain devices, you can test push notifications on an iOS 16 Simulator running on Xcode 14. For further details, refer to the [Xcode 14 Release Notes](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-14-release-notes).
{% endalert %}

#### Considerations for push token generation

- If users install your app on another device, another token will be created and captured in the same way. 

> - If users reinstall your app, a new token will be generated and again passed to Braze, but the original token may still be logged as valid by APNs and Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If users reinstall your app, a new token will be generated and passed to Braze. However, the original token may still be logged as valid by APNs and Braze.
```
